and i admit i i went through a phase  where i thought religion would fix me  because i didn't have any purpose i  didn't know what i wanted to do now i  know what my purpose is now i know it's  to be awesome and be on youtube  you know  um  and like you know be you know be famous  or at least die trying right  hey guys metal jesus here and today i'm  back with a brand new game room tour  once upon a time there was an  eight-year-old boy who loved video games  so much he wanted to play them all  [Music]  [Music]  oh the chance i had to take it fake it  never because that [ __ ] was too clever  if there ever was a [ __ ] down  for his crown and had to be made the big  and michael  [ __ ] [ __ ] come sundown come sun up gun  up for them [ __ ] who wanna run up  witch and my calling came up short that  [ __ ] done what fool this big black  [ __ ] don't go for no long since i had  to get rid  [Music]  and swayings  [Music]  [Music]  i organize them by color so they are  color coordinated by the colors of the  rainbow times are changing i'm living my  life in and out the dough black lounging  in your nails something screaming in my  hair michael go back home but i ain't  really show black i got to get my [ __ ]  together the right way [ __ ] i know that  coming up short swinging by the tail and  thinking of a master plan this nigga's  bailing down the road and i promise not  to look back at what i once had when i  have now when i left me when i once took  black shook that now i'm in my own realm  controlling [ __ ] kicking it never knew  life could be so damn well i got mine  everything feeling like time for change  it changed  [Music]  [Music]  knock another [ __ ] up throw away the  [ __ ] king that's the way they punish  me [ __ ] society i can spend the  century in the penitentiary you won't  make a difference jim cause ain't nobody  missing me running running while we go a  different day a different face yeah i  wish you could run away i hate this  [ __ ] place too many goddamn  rules that's why i quit school giving me  a crooked test i ain't no damn fool  can't walk up my house because they  always in my face and if i step out of  place they wanna give me a case ain't no  difference between society and the  jailhouse everybody's locked up and  wanna get the hell out just cause you  ain't locked down you think you got it  good but you better thank again cause  the police are checking [ __ ] in the  neighborhood  beating our ass down cause society is  just like the pen so get ready for the  lockdown clock now while you can man  cause it's all about having  hiya and welcome if you are new here my  name is elizabeth i'm a medical student  and an artist  today we are getting all close and  personal because i am going to show you  the inside of my london studio  [Music]  [Music]  you